What is working with data in order to get from raw data to insights your data has to undergo a journey
.
And broadly speaking this journey consists of four major steps.
These are e-tail database analyze and visualize.
Now analyze and visualize are pretty straightforward.
These constitute the creative part of the work of a data scientist.
Whereas working with data comprises of the DTL and database steps.
And this is what we will be talking about in this part of this course.
This is the preparation phase and I will share a secret Ruffino from my experience.
You'll spend approximately 70 percent of your time as a data scientist on any given project.
In this preparation phase and that is if you know what you're doing and only 30 percent of the time
is spent in the exciting part which is analyze and visualize.
And so this is why this part of the Course is so volume's and also so important.
I will be giving you the exact step by step blueprints and tools so that you can sail smoothly through
the e-tail and database work and move onto the fun stuff faster.